# CS305-SoftwareSecurity

Artemis Financial is a financial services organization that has asked us to develop a software application using the utmost security protocols and tools. They wanted to ensure that the financial data of themselves and their clients remained private and secure, especially during financial transfers nationally and internationally. There were some ongoing vulnerabilities within their current software, and our duty was to resolve these vulnerabilities and prevent them from happening again. Overlooking the application, I discovered several vulnerabilities within the codebase that needed addressing. There were outdated plugins and depndencies, no dependency report was implemented, and they did not have a server. I implemented all of these things using a keystore certificate to keep things safe, and a cipher algorithm (SHA-256) to encode data and prevent attacks. I configured the server to run on HTTPS, enabled SSL to ensure data remained encrypted during transmissions, I employed the OWASP depndency check plugin to mitigate risks in external libraries, and I improved Exception handling for errors. These implmentations will protect the data of their clients, the web application, prevent unauthorized access, minimize the risk of exploitation, and in the long-run will build customer-trust and integrity within the company. Regarding the challenging aspects of this development, it was very hard to find a way to maintain security, and in a way this can be innachievable as technology advances so quickly, things need updated every single year, plugins roll out newer versions every 6 months, so it is very important to ensure everything is compliant with eachother and to keep things from becoming outdated. I recommend using additional tools in the future to keep this ball rolling, such as Black Duck for depndency monitoring. To demonstrate what I have learned from these projects to future employers, I would show them this repository contaning all assignments, not just the projects, to show my progression throughout this course and progress on what I have learned. I would demonstrate and explain the code I refactored to optimize security, explain my understanding of implementing security on software, and show them my documented report for project two to get my knowledge accross. This portfolio reflects my ability to implement security protocols into applications and how to maintain security within them. 
